add bigquery dataset region information (#1183)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/reverse-etl/google-bigquery.mdx

<div class="warningBlock">

The <code class="inline-code">rudderstack_</code> schema is used by RudderStack for storing the state of each data sync. <strong>This name should not be changed</strong>.

The <code class="inline-code">rudderstack_</code> schema is created in your BigQuery's default region. If the GCP Cloud Storage bucket used as a staging bucket by RudderStack is in a different region you will need to adjust the above SQL statement to match that region. 

> For example, to create the schema in Europe's West 3 region run <code class="inline-code">create schema rudderstack_ OPTIONS (LOCATION = 'europe-west3');</code> instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create the schema in Europe's West 3 region run <code class="inline-code">create schema rudderstack_ OPTIONS (location = "europe-west3");</code> instead.
```

Reviewer: Some extremely minor suggestions from the engg. team:  cc @maximum-pixels 

- Should we use lower case for location - [Ref](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/data-definition-language#schema_option_list)
- As per the above ref, both single quote and double quote should work, shall we use double quotes?
